In the next quiz, you'll be working with historical data on World Cup matches.
There are a lot of interesting visualizations you can
create with this data including ones using maps.
Walking through the quiz will help you create an awesome dashboard you can show off.
Feel free to branch off if you're feeling comfortable with
Tableau If you create something awesome and you want to share,
save the dashboard to Tableau public and share the link with friends,
family, colleagues or classmates.
If you're still a little uneasy definitely feel free to follow
my quiz directions and then together we'll create something great.